here's your tickets to the juice wrld concert
i bet you probably shop at Costco
do you buy your groceries at the dollar store?
what do your clothes have in common with your skills? they're both straight out of a dumpster
i don't cheat, you just need to click faster
cry all you want, that monkey George Floyd died of a fentanyl overdose
i speak english not your gibberish
i understand why your parents abused you
i'd tell you to uninstall, but your aim is so bad you'd miss and click on your cuck porn instead
im not saying you're worthless, but i'd unplug ur life support to charge my phone
need some pvp advice?
how are you so bad? just practice your aim and hold w
you do be lookin' kinda bad at the game doh :flushed:
you look like you were drawn with my left hand
you pressed the wrong button when you installed Minecraft
you should look into buying a client
you're so white that you don't play on vanilla, you play on clear
your difficulty settings must be stuck on easy
drown in your own salt
even your mom is better than you in this game
go back to fortnite you degenerate
go commit stop breathing plz
go play roblox you worthless fucking degenerate
go take a long walk off a short bridge
i swear on jhalt, you got shit on harder than archy
if the body is 70% water then how is your body 100% salt?
lol you probably speak dog eater
mans probably got an error on his hello world program lmao
no top hat, you're more trash than my garbage can
your code makes namet look like dort
plz no repotr i no want ban plesae!
final come home
verble now i know, i was wrong. we messsed up - and now you're gone...
rage at me on discord Dort#0001
rage at me on discord auth#1570
report me im really scared
seriously? go back to fortnite monkey brain
Ladies and Gentleman: The runner-up to the participation award!
some kids were dropped at birth, but you got thrown at the wall
you really like taking L's
damn, you're taking L's fatter than the nigger cock in your BBC cuck porn.
you're the type of guy to quickdrop irl
i bet you thought gcheat was a type of STD
you're the type to get 3rd place in a 1v1
you have an IQ lower than that of a bathtub
your parents abandoned you, then the orphanage did the same
you go to the doctors and they say you shrunk
dortware, drop kicking lil' kids and fat obese staff since 2017
who would win; an anticheat with a $400,000 per year budget or C13PacketPlayerAbilities?
is watchdog watching a dog or a dog watching a watch?
yo mama so fat, she sat on an iphone and it became an ipad
on black friday, black people die
search up blue waffle on google, it's so cute
this anticheat is disabled as you, fucking vegetable
you smell like a moldy ballsack
your grandmother has chlamydia
your aim is like a toddler with parkinson's trying to aim a water gun
welcome to my rape dungeon! population: you
i'd insult you after that death but by merely existing you do all the work for me
yo whens the documentary crew coming to your house to film the next episode of my 600 pound life?
you are the type of person to think FOV increases reach
you're so gay you spent twice as much on a coloured iPhone just to join the 41% a day later
your cumulative intelligence is that of a rock
you're the type of guy to buy vape v4 and cry when you get auto-banned
you shouldn't be running away with all these monkeys coming after you
yes, record me, send the footage straight to child lover tenebrous
your killaura was coded in scratch with help from zhn
you deserved to be bhopped on
your birth certificate was an apology letter from the condom factory
always remember you're unique - just like everyone else
how do you keep an idiot amused? watch this message until it fades away
if practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
if i could rearrange the alphabet, i'd put U and I as far away as possible
i'd smack you, but that would be animal abuse
if i wanted to kill myself, i'd climb to your ego and jump to your IQ
man's so ugly he made his happy meal cry
your face makes onions cry
you are like a cloud, when you disappear it's a beautiful day
you bring everyone so much joy! you know, when you leave the room. but, still
you are missing a brain
are you a primate?
you're so ugly your portraits hang themselves
your brain is so smooth even a 3090 can't simulate the reflectiveness
shouldn't you have a license for being that ugly?
the village called, they want their idiot back.
you're like a light switch, even a little kid can turn you on.
beauty is skin deep, but ugliness is to the bone
sorry i can't think of an insult stupid enough for you.
if i could be one person for a day, it sure as hell wouldn't be you.
earth is full. go home.
right now i'm sitting here looking at you trying to see things from your point of view but i can't get my head that far up my ass.
roses are red violets are blue, god made me pretty, what the hell happened to you?
you're so black you scared off the mexican drug cartel
i called your boyfriend gay and he hit me with his purse!
just because your head is shaped like a light bulb doesn't mean you have good ideas
you're the type of person to join a vending machine reward club.
i've seen gay parades straighter than u